Add display and form view types (#217)
avo-hq/docs.avohq.io: docs/3.0/views.md

The page where you can create a new resource.
:::

> :::option `Display`
> Combines the `Index` and `Show` views to display resources and their details.
> :::
> 
> :::option `Form`
> Combines the `Edit` and `New` views for creating and editing resources.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::option `Display`
`:display` is an alias for the the `Index` and `Show` views where you can display records and their details.
:::

:::option `Form`
`:form` is an alias for the `Edit` and `New` views for creating and editing records.
:::
```
